Update SQL style guide about indenting join conditions (#794)
mozilla/data-docs: src/concepts/sql_style.md

LIMIT 10
```

## Join Conditions

> The `ON` or `USING` keyword should start on a new line indented one level more than the join keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ON` and `USING` keywords should start on a new line indented one level more than the join keyword
```

> and be followed by the join conditions starting on the same line. For example:

Reviewer: Is this how it'd be expected?
```suggestion
and be followed by the join conditions starting on the same line. The expectation is one condition per line.
For example:
```

Author: It depends on the nature of the join conditions, particularly whether they're wrapped in parentheses because `bqetl format` will try to fit parenthetical expressions on one line if it can.  `USING` join conditions always have parentheses and will usually fit on one line (but not always).  And in mozilla/bigquery-etl#4223 I count 37 `ON` conditions which have parentheses.

I think the "Boolean at the Beginning of Line" section already implies that compound boolean expressions should be split across multiple lines, and I was hoping to keep this section relatively simple, focusing on the positioning of the `ON` and `USING` keywords and not trying to show examples of all the possible permutations of join condition indentation that could result (which `bqetl format` will generally handle for us), so I'm personally inclined to leave this as is.
